# Completion framework
sorin-ionescu/prezto path:modules/completion

# OMZ plugins
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:lib
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/ag/_ag
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/ansible
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/argocd
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/aws
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/bundler
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/command-not-found
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/common-aliases
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/direnv
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/docker
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/dotenv
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/dotnet
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/fig
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/git
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/golang
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/kubectl
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/macos
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/minikube
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/ng/_ng
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/node
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/npm
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/nvm
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/oc
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/operator-sdk
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/1password
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/pip
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/podman
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/python
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/rails
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/rsync
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/ruby
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/sbt
#ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/scala/_scala
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/screen
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/ssh-agent
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:themes/gnzh.zsh-theme

# Other plugins
MichaelAquilina/zsh-autoswitch-virtualenv
dmakeienko/azcli

# Zsh users plugins last
zsh-users/zsh-completions
zsh-users/zsh-syntax-highlighting
zsh-users/zsh-history-substring-search
